At my highschool the Director made me the stage manager for the musical production. I gladly took the role and went onto finding out the aspects of making the role easier for me. I went down a rabbit hole from trying to automate the googlesheet using the equations used for each cell, discovering app scripts and that it make thing alot better. and then got curiouse to what the Deployments ment in app scripts. Tested it out, loved it, then on that point i decided to spend all my time on making a webpage using AI(I'm not smart enough and don't got the time for it). I've spent alot of time on this and don't want to restrict it to just myself, but to others who may find this useful. I plan on making a tutorial and instructions on how to implement this into you're own production or class, or life, or whatever, I'm trying to make it dynamic between everything. If you got questions or want to educated me before i make a big mistake, please tell me, I don't want to deal with additional stress and to get this out mcuh earlier.

What this is: the code is meant to be placed inside of a app scripts that's bound to a google sheet. App Sheets is also used for the barcode scanner check-ins. The final goal of this is to have a webpage that allows you to organize your Theatrical production in a comfortable and organized way. Control all you're events/rehearsals, people database, attendance, reports, lists, wellness, communications, notes, and more in one place. Already got the first 3 figured out, gotta finished the other things on my list and see what else I can add.

I don't want to get in trouble with legal stuff or things like that. So I wanted to put this on the internet before I completely finish the webpage incase somebody steals the code from me and then sells it.

Materials: A google account. You just need a google account that has access to deployments from app scripts, app sheets, and google sheets.
